>> Brian Holt: So,I guess there
is one more thing on here that
I had not talked about.
Did Jen talk about data
attributes on HTML?
Okay, well, let's come back over here.
Right now we have a bunch of moles
showing up, including some more lutts.
If I inspect element on this,
>> Brian Holt: I
want inspector, rules, layout.
>> Brian Holt: Let's put this
on the side and dock to right.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
here you notice it has its data-index="0".
There's a cool trick that
you can do with HTML.
So if I come in here and say,
mole = document.querySelector.
>> Brian Holt: And what did I call them?
I called them moles, right?
Hopefully, class="mole", okay, .mole.
So now mole is equal to this
king element right there, right?
So I'm gonna have 12 different
moles on the page and
it's gonna matter which one I click on,
right?
Because I have to not show that one, and
I have to operate individually
on each different mole.
It'd be annoying to go bind
to 12 event listeners,
that's not at all what I wanna do.
So it'd be cool if I could tell
which one I was clicking on, and
this data-index is gonna
help us with that.
So if I say mole.dataset.index,
I'm gonna get whatever the data- is.
So it's basically a variable
that you're keeping in the HTML.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go back here and
say mole, querySelectorAll.
So now I have all of them in here, right?
So if I do moles of the fifth one on the
page, or it would be the sixth one rather,
data set.index, notice that that's five.
So now I can tell them apart
easily in the JavaScript.
And it doesn't have to be called,
It can be data dash, whatever right?
For example, if I come back over
here to the top one and I say data,
>> Brian Holt: -some-other-thing="this
is cool".
>> Brian Holt: Now if I come
back over here and refresh, and
I grab that mole again.
So now if I save
mole.dataset.some other thing,
notice I can get this is cool out
of the out of the HTML there.
Does that make sense?
So now it's really easy for me to tell
these moles apart in my JavaScript.
>> Brian Holt: So notice that this
is data-some-other-thing, right?
And then here when I reference it,
the way that I do it, it's in case, and
you also don't include the data in there.
>> Speaker 2: And dataset is the method
that gets anything with the prefix data?
>> Brian Holt: Data dash.
>> Speaker 2: Data dash.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, that's exactly it.
Okay, so that's what those
data dash indexes are for.